thank you Mr
President we must first stress the rank
hypocrisy on display here today this
meeting has been called for by the
world's number one sponsor of terrorism
responsible for the most horrifying
barbarism across the region and the
globe the Islamic Republic of Iran Iran
has used its proxies Hamas theis andah
to Target Israel and our citizens from
every direction
just last week children were innocently
playing a soccer game in the Drew
Village of Maj Al Shams an Iranian
supplied fak 1ah rocket murdered 12 of
these children and injured 30 others
where were the condemnations ofah and
their Iranian suppliers for The Butchery
of these 12 children all that was heard
were expressions of concern for
escalation and calling for both sides
again equating a democratic member state
of the United Nations with a vicious
terrorist organization to show
restraint those who rarely seek
stability in the region should welcome
the removal of arch terrorists not call
on both sides to restrain
themselves yesterday Israel carried out
a precise strike against kisah Commander
fuad shuker a senior terrorist with the
blood of Israelis and many others on his
hands he was the commander responsible
for the Maj Al Shams Massacre along with
all of his incessant missile attacks
against Israel for the past 9 and A2
months these attacks involved more than
6,500 Rockets hundreds of uavs and over
1,000 anti-tank missiles killing dozens
of Israeli soldiers and civilians and
forcing over 880,000 Israelis to
evacuate their homes from the North of
Israel in addition we wish to remind
this Council of shuk's responsibility
for the 1983 attack on US Marines and
French forces in Beirut murdering 241 US
soldiers and 58 French
soldiers this operation sends a clear
message we will defend ourselves and
respond with great force against those
who harm us the state of Israel will not
stand idly by we will continue to defend
ourselves and our citizens the world
must support Israel at this time and
demand kah's compliance with the
security Council resolutions 1701 by
ceasing its attacks withdrawing to the
north of the Lani and
disarming we on our side have a duty to
ensure the safe and secure return of
Israelis to their homes in Northern
Israel and we will continue to act to
defend all the people of Israel however
balah Hamas and houis can only expel
their venom thanks to the head of the
snake since the horrific attack by Hamas
on October 7th last year Iran has
provided some $800 million tobah along
with missile Precision technology
anti-tank munitions and explosive Laden
uavs these are all used by hisbah
against Israeli civilians this is in
addition to the more than 260 million
annually provided by Iran to Hamas and
Islamic jiad an amount which has
increased over the past 9 months this
support is reflected by the fact that
over 30% of the military arms and
Munitions captured by Israel in the Gaza
Strip were Iranian produced the actions
of Hamas the houis and kisah are not
just an Israeli or Jewish Problem
the Islamic regime will Target any who
stand in its way to achieve Global
tyranny Iran uses its proxies to the
detriment of Israel right now but their
vision is far wider now imagine these
Inspirations these aspirations if Iran
achieves its goal of possessing nuclear
weapons
capabilities while this Council perverts
its Mission Prosecuting Israel as we
defend our people theas in Iran are
formulating strategies to wipe Israel
and the Jewish people from the face of
the Earth they continue to provide
millions of dollars and weapons also to
the hooes who have put them to murderous
use against Israel while they strangle
World shipping Roots the hoties alone
have launched over 200 attacks against
Israel since the October 7th Massacre
the truth is that Hamas his Bala and the
hotis are the poisonous tip of Iran's
spear which is being held against the
world's throat where is Iran's summon to
this Council for their grave violations
of every relevant resolution such as
2216 and 1701
where are the condemnations of Hamas and
their vile attack on October 7th where
are the condemnations forah and the htis
and their Puppet Master the Islamic
regime members of the council Fain
concern for regional escalation yet
Quake at the prospect of addressing the
root of this
escalation I wish to cast your minds
back for a moment to May 2nd
2011 then Secretary General banim Moon
celebrated the termination of Osama bin
Laden descri describing it as a
watershed moment in our common Global
fight against terrorism he exclaims his
relief at the news that justice has been
done to such a mastermind of
international terrorism please take a
moment to reflect on this reaction just
13 years ago and contrast it with the
un's condemnations
today ask yourselves what you believe is
the reason for this drastic shift the
only conclusion we may reach is that
because it is now Israel that is facing
barbaric Iranian error and taking
necessary action to protect its citizens
that the UN takes issue Iran is not
merely a sponsor of terrorism it is the
very engine driving the Machinery of
death and destruction that threatens us
all the blood of innocent children in
majal Shams and of the victims of the
October 7th Massacre and all other
victims since then the ceaseless rocket
fire on Israeli towns the ongoing plight
of the 115 hostages still being held by
Kamas tomorrow for 300 days all Trac
back to Tran's ruthless Ambitions we
urge the International Community to hold
the Islamic Republic accountable for its
crimes the world cannot afford to cower
before the aul's Tyranny we therefore
demand that this Council moves to
condemn Iran for its continued support
of regional terrorism and increase its
sanctions on tahan we must also list it
must also list the Iranian revolutionary
guards as a terror organization as it
continues to lead and coordinate attacks
across the Middle East and the world I
thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz